process: Python Coding Guidelines (#741)
eclipse-score/score: docs/process/process_areas/implementation/guidance/python/coding_guidelines.rst

- **Do not test every single function or class!** Instead: - Focus on testing *behavior*, not
  implementation details. Overly fine-grained tests lead to brittle code and high maintenance.
- **Boundary conditions:** - Edge cases often break things. Think about invalid input, large data
  sets, empty cases, and concurrency issues.

Documentation
--------------------
- If your documentation doesn't fit into a comment, create a `README.md` in the directory of the
  tool.
- `README.md` should explain the overall architecture and key design decisions.
- If the design impacts multiple components, consider an architecture diagram.
- User-facing documentation is stored under `docs/guidance`.

Tools & Versions
================

We're using Python, Ruff (linting & formatting), Pyright (linting) and pytest for our tooling. The
versions are managed by the infrastructure community and will be updated as frequently as possible.
The configuration is managed by infrastructure and process communities.

*Compliance to all tools is mandatory.*

Currently we do NOT aim at supporting older Python versions.

Templates, Checklists and other guidelines
------------------------------------------------

> While the S-CORE templates and checklists are far from useless, and should be adhered to in

Reviewer: "are far from useless" is double negative and indicate judgement that someone could find them useful. Better state something like...

 ```suggestion
The S-CORE architecture and implementation templates and inspection checklists are helpful, and should be adhered to, although in
```

Author: Guidelines moved to contribute as discussed with @hoe-jo, therefore any reference to checklists etc is no longer part of this PR. This is only coding guidelines.

> general, they are not necessary for Python Code. The same goes for the ISO26262 guidelines: while

Reviewer 2: In general you have not to follow any dedicated standard, but the processes we defined to be compliant with them, there are more as ISO 26262, ASPICE, ISO 21434 to mention them.

> they are important and should be followed in general, they are not applicable to Python Code.

Reviewer 2: Where are template for Python Code? The processes are for generation of production code. If we use tools for that, tools should be evaluated resulting in TCL value, and if TCL > 2 the tool must be qualified. The processes for that are not existing yet.
